Add a note about the CUDA IPC issue. (#134)
triton-inference-server/client: README.md

wheel files in /workspace/install/python. The image will also contain
the built client examples.

> **Important Note:** When running either the server or the client using

Reviewer: Should this be added to shm docs instead? https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/protocol/extension_shared_memory.md

Author: I can add a link from the shared memory extension to the note here too. Since the issue relates to both client and server we can mention it in both places.

> Docker containers and using the CUDA shared memory feature you need to add

Reviewer 2: Can you link cuda shared memory to the extension_shared_memory.md doc?

wheel files in /workspace/install/python. The image will also contain
the built client examples.

**Important Note:** When running either the server or the client using
Docker containers and using the
[CUDA shared memory feature](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/protocol/extension_shared_memory.md#cuda-shared-memory)
you need to add `--pid host` flag when launching the containers. The reason is
that CUDA IPC APIs require the PID of the source and destination of the exported

> pointer to be different. By default, Docker enables PID namespace which may

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
pointer to be different. Otherwise, Docker enables PID namespace which may
```
